Now I would like you to consolidate your knowledge on a practical example.
If you remember, we discussed Thomas Gedde's approach and his two concepts,
the thinking field of the brand and brand code.
What would I like to recommend to you?
Let each of you take this technology as a basis and now imagine a brand of your own company.
If it is created, take the one that is created.
If it is not yet, imagine that you are the creator of this brand and try to write the thinking field and brand code according to the technology and the tool that Thomas Gedde proposed.
But I would like you to add this section.
Try to create a portrait of your brand as a person.
Why? Because we always try to associate ourselves with living beings, like people.
It is not by chance that many brands, not only sports brands, use specific animals, faces, etc.
So try to imagine yourself.
If your brand, your brand, is to be imagined as a person, then who would he be?
Gender, age, hair color, social status, behavior, etc.
Why is this done?
You have to draw what you would like me, as your consumer, to see.
Then, when you conduct a focus group and testing, you will be able to compare and understand.
And the target audience that you planned for, they also see your brand.
This is a method of adjustment.
So, colleagues, when you imagine yourself as a person, as a brand person,
you will always be able to see how your consumer perceives it.
You will have the opportunity to adjust your advertising campaign.
Or you will have to learn what you have not noticed.
Or, on the contrary, you will have to form what you would like to form.
Well, on this, colleagues, let's finish our course.
And as a general wish to all of you, people who are engaged in such creative activity,
we sometimes use such an old advertising slogan, we say,
to people doomed to be creative,
let me, as a general wish, quote you a wonderful poem by the English poet William Blake.
In one moment to see eternity,
A huge world in the grain of sand,
In a single handful of infinity,
And the sky in a cup of flowers.
Good luck to you, colleagues, on this very difficult task.
Thank you.
Colleagues, in this section of our today's course,
I would like to present you a selection of works,
namely, the advertising of famous Russian and foreign brands,
so that you get acquainted with the examples and techniques
that they use in their advertising practice.
But I would like you to not only get acquainted with the examples
that are given here in the section,
you also turned to the workbook, to the first task.
The purpose of the task is as follows.
From the video series you are offered,
you choose as many as you consider necessary,
preferably at least two or three advertising works,
and try to evaluate these works in accordance with the proposed technique.
We have criteria there, there is a bias assessment.
This is the first part of the work.
The second part of the work is that
you will have to try to modify
or offer to modify the solutions proposed to you for review.
Most importantly, when you try to do the second part,
namely, modify the proposed solution,
please do not do any kind of re-processing of this approach.
The approach should remain as it is accepted by the customer.
I present to you in the selection of advertising works
already accepted, known and, say, used.
Therefore, the customers who were for the advertising agency,
they are rated as positive.
Therefore, in the second part of the practical work,
just try to think what you would offer to improve,
or correct, or change the text,
maybe something in color, and so on,
but remaining within the content that is here.
That is, no principled revolution,
remove everything, remove it.
Try to avoid these proposals.
Well, let's then, after you understand
what is the meaning of our today's block,
let's look at the works that I have selected for you.
Of course, colleagues, this is not all the best that is.
Surely, you can give more vivid examples,
but from the point of view of the solutions,
they seemed to us the most interesting.
In the first slide, we see
an advertisement for a cleaning tool for black clothes.
Why did we include this slide?
Look how simple and concise
from the point of view of technology this slide is solved.
Nothing staged, right?
You see a hanger and see the straps
from some evening dress, most likely.
If the clothes are black,
then naturally, and it is perfectly black,
that is, perfectly clean,
then you could not see anything else, of course.
The next slide is such an untraditional
ad for Ariel.
Well, I think that you all know this tool,
the advertising campaign that is held
for this tool is constantly in the air.
But look how interesting this topic is solved.
Also no staging slides,
no stars, great actors, etc.
Just such a...
Remember how we talked about the basic techniques?
Humor and games.
Just such a good, good, light humor,
some small irony.
T-shirt before, T-shirt after using Ariel.
Another cleaning tool.
Pay attention to the famous Che Guevara image.
Today, many people use it.
But look, because the clothes are so soft
and so tender, Che Guevara fell asleep on the girl's T-shirt.
That is, he is so good, he is so comfortable.
Here, two topics are very competently played out.
And the softness of the powder itself,
which allows you to make the material like this.
And some kind of erotic theme,
because he falls asleep on the chest of a young girl.
This solution that you see here
for a cream for shoes, in my opinion,
is very clever, very competent
and very professional.
Look, what is written in the advertising slogan
on this photo.
The shoes are so shiny that you can write them off.
If you look carefully at the slide,
you will see that the advertising slogan
is not just text, but formulas.
It is written, if you pay attention,
it is like in a mirror reflection.
That is, you really, like in a mirror,
should see everything as it really is.
What else did I want to draw your attention to
on this slide?
Please note that the deck is completely traditional,
banal and maybe even a little old.
You see some dirty corners,
some scratches and so on.
This is not some kind of elite establishment.
This is ordinary, and here is the tape that is glued.
That is, the whole plot is taken from life.
And this is a very curious solution
in the section of social advertising.
We still have, in my opinion,
a relationship with social advertising,
let's say, not very worthy
in terms of the importance
that this direction should give.
You probably remember one of the first
social advertising,
it's not shooting a pigeon,
call your parents and so on.
And if you remember that ad,
call your parents,
it was generally very strange
and I remembered the parody of Yefim Shefrin
when he went on the stage
and said, he is playing the call to his father,
the father asks him,
what did you call, son?
Call your parents.
And he called.
Here, social advertising is solved more competently.
You see, family and a wonderful phrase,
you harm those you love the most.
You see, a man's hand with a cigarette,
it is as if taken out
beyond the framework of a family portrait.
Another direction of social advertising,
in this case, the Olympic Sports Federation of Germany.
Traditional sculpture,
you have probably seen it
more than once in your life.
But you see how they
transformed it
and made a wonderful slogan,
if you do not move,
you become fat.
That is, you play the image
which is generally known
and it is quite popular,
but it shows you what can happen
if you stop doing physical culture.
This is an ad,
and the bill for strong teeth
is very specific,
very clear.
Why did we include it in the selection?
Today, bill advertising
in terms of its popularity
in promoting brands
is probably one of the first trends
in our country.
Today,
the trend is quite clear
and therefore,
probably,
ordinary techniques in bill advertising,
that is, such a tradition
in presentation, in form,
it is already obscured
in perception
and it does not attract the attention
that should have been.
Therefore, look at what an unexpected
solution for bill advertising.
Agree that if you go
or will go,
then such a bill will definitely
interest you
and at least you will stop
and see what is there
and read that it is a toothpaste.
Very unexpected
and very competent solution
in the Bryansk dentistry company.
In fact,
a classic bill advertisement
on the fence is imitated,
but in this case it is a shield
and you are subconsciously told
how popular it is
that people seem to jump
and try to tear off
individual phones.
That is, it is specially done
that not all phones are below
these petals,
and some petals are torn off.
That is, you are created an illusion
that you are suffering here
and tear off just to find out
how to call this hypothetical company.
Another solution
for bill advertising
is the traditional promotion
of seat belts and so on.
Of course,
such a solution is much more expensive.
Firstly, because
you occupy not one place,
but two and so on.
But agree, colleagues,
that the audience gives a clear association
with the product,
and the unexpected volume
certainly attracts attention
and you will most likely notice it.
Another example of bill advertising
is the famous scotch tape.
Please note that
there is no text on this slide at all.
Well, of course,
the photo is taken from the street,
so you probably won't be able
to read the brand of the product,
the brand of the tape that is written
on the inside, but it really is.
I'm not showing you the product
in its action.
I'm just saying,
look, see this iron shield?
It just sticks to my scotch tape.
What else do you need
to prove that it is good,
high-quality and so on?
I'm just showing you in reality
how it all hangs in life.
This is a shield
dedicated to laser epilation.
It is made
with erotic elements,
but pay attention
to the fact
that this eroticism
is not direct,
not frontal,
but a very unambiguous
classic association.
It is quite obvious
that you will definitely notice
such a stand,
you will definitely look at it.
You will probably smile
with some irony.
And this irony,
without insulting anyone's feelings,
without insulting any public opinion,
and so on,
I think this is a very original
and very competent solution.
Another original solution
from the point of view of shield advertising
is the advertisement of the Economist magazine.
Well, first of all,
I just wanted to remind you
that the Economist magazine
in its advertising, both printed and shield,
traditionally uses only two colors,
white and red.
And this is because
the Economist magazine
has always been famous
for its very competent
work with texts and slogans.
And it is not by chance
that the shield's location
is crossed by a pillar,
well, as it were,
with a pillar of architecture,
it is not by chance
that it is placed here,
because the slogan
that is used here
is, in my opinion,
one of the best slogans
and advertising shields
that the Economist magazine
had at the time.
It is the same magazine,
with a red tab and white numbers.
The first tab
said 0% of foresight.
The next tab
said 100% of competence.
And the next tab
said 360 degrees of view.
For an economic
daily magazine
oriented to a fairly
professional audience,
it is probably more difficult
to come up with a more accurate
slogan for promotion.
That is, you have translated everything
into specific, unambiguously
perceivable numbers.
0, 100, 360.
And a person understands
what he will have
when he reads this magazine.
What is this slide
about?
The frames decide everything.
I specifically included it in the subject
because today the topic of retro
has become fashionable again.
Let's say,
revolutionary topics,
topics related to
post-war times, etc.
And here,
you see,
many people do not immediately
understand that
in this case
it is about a digital camera.
The digital camera is so small
that you still need to somehow look at
the fact that the camera camera
hangs on the chanel of the leader.
Because it is the image of the leader
that is played,
the phrase that is, in general,
well, quite popular
and today it has also become very popular.
The frames decide everything.
By the way, if you look carefully,
under it is written
Joseph Stalin,
which is very confusing in this poster.
This is the phrase
«In the network, too, look».
You see, «In the network, too, look»
in combination with Joseph Stalin's image
has, in my opinion,
a certain negative character.
This is an unexpected
advertisement
of gin and tonic
in one of the Siberian cities.
An advertising shield.
What is the trick here?
You know perfectly well that
you can't advertise in such a way.
Look how the colleagues here
tried to get out of the situation gracefully.
In fact, they wrote at the top
«Gin tonic»
alcohol content below this.
But really, those of you who know this product,
looking at the picture
on the right, they understand
that this is not gin tonic,
this is, excuse me, ordinary classical vodka.
And the game is on the jargon.
Yes, believe yourself,
you can eat more.
But in general,
as for the jargon,
you have to be very careful here.
Yes, because of such jargon expressions,
I personally liked
and remembered
the advertisement of one of the computer companies
that advertised
the latest model of the keyboard
by making such a slogan
«The keyboard is young,
simple and reliable».
This is such a game
in the young slang
of the keyboard as a keyboard.
That is, as a keyboard,
as a feminine name,
as a customary abbreviation,
and so on.
You see, the ad was great
in the same company
for liquid crystal monitors.
In those days,
when they appeared on the market,
they came out with such a slogan
«Love us flat».
But this solution,
in my opinion, is quite controversial.
It can affect
a certain category of the public
on the street.
It can shock.
An unexpected ad
of chewing gum.
You see how beautifully
this topic is played out,
that chewing gum is inflated.
Most likely,
this ad is aimed
primarily at the younger generation,
for which such an irony,
such an obviously unrealistic situation
can cause certain positive emotions.
Very original,
very competent
ad of Extra Fine.
The pen of the super-thin.
Look, a tiny piece
of this plastic.
And how much is written on it.
After all, look how competently
the scale of the slide is chosen.
They show you the hand.
You understand that such a hand
in life cannot be.
It is clearly enlarged.
And on this piece you have
phones, addresses,
and all the questions
about whether it is really very thin.
They just disappear
when you see the fact
that it is thin.
I will show you
what I will tell you.
Look here how much
I wrote on this piece of plastic.
This is a new ad,
also quite unexpected,
quite curious.
Credit for small and medium business.
You see, for our loans,
even big ones
will want to become small.
Yes, a traditional elephant
and he has such an inscription on his ear.
I am a cat. I am not big,
but I am quite small.
Not a traditional ad for tires
and wheels.
Pay attention, colleagues,
how it was done.
That is, you see that this is a car theme
based on the hangar that is.
And the tires are served
as a kind of jewelry.
When you went to a jewelry store,
you probably saw it.
Any jewelry, a ring,
is usually made
in such velvet boxes.
And to emphasize that it is a jewelry,
pay attention, colleagues,
each tire has such a thread
and a tag in it,
and something is written on it.
Everything is imitated
as if it were a jewelry.
This category is
a very significant thing,
a very expensive thing
and almost precious.
A very unexpected ad
for lowering prices
for a discount program
for a Golf Starting car.
First of all,
pay attention to the combination.
That is,
the idea is clear that the cheekbone has fallen,
your index jaw has fallen
from the moment you saw this price.
But to make it clear
why the index jaw has fallen,
pay attention to the hands.
The hands are clearly not of a young person.
And then the combination of this structure
of hands, veins,
and the fallen jaw
creates an absolutely
unambiguous association.
It would be unreasonable
to tell a young person
that his index jaw has fallen
because the price has dropped
by only 15-950 euros.
You make a conclusion here.
Everything is stylish
and taken into account.
Mistakes in the details
that we talked about
when we still have such situations
in advertising.
When we think about the details
of the relationship,
there was a child with blue eyes,
then with a fat one,
then this.
Here, there is no such detail.
Everything is thought out very accurately.
Advertising slogan
as an advertising motto
should be in two words,
in three words,
in four words.
It should be very bright,
very striking and encouraging.
But there are a number of services,
a number of goods,
including industrial goods,
complex services,
where it is almost impossible
to express the idea
and the motive
of the purchase.
Although we have a wonderful
and rich Russian language,
it is still not always possible
to maneuver opportunities
in three or four phrases.
That is, to find something
that no one has told you.
Therefore, today,
along with the concept
of the shortness of the sister of talent,
along with the bright,
short,
not long slogans,
it is very fashionable
and, in my opinion,
it is very correct
that some philosophical essays
began to appear.
One of the first
who started doing this
was the Rybak company.
And look,
I just took one of the solutions
from two years ago.
It would seem,
this is such a plot,
you see a girl running,
she is clearly, let's say,
such an ordinary ordinary person
and not in uniform.
And you see that man
who is there,
half already in the ground,
his hands are already twisted.
And look what a wonderful phrase
from the point of view of philosophy
and action.
When exhaustion makes the tired,
when suffering twists from pain,
when defeat prepares a white flag,
I will still be here,
this is self-assertion,
that when it would seem,
you see what sky,
everything is so angry,
everything is so gloomy,
but I'm still here
and I'm not just standing here,
I don't know, waiting for something,
I'm running,
that is, I continue to act,
I live.
Another unexpected solution
for advertising the same sneakers.
You see how basketball shoes are advertised.
The advertisement is on the top of the billboard,
with jars,
that is, on the one hand,
you will notice it,
on the other hand,
you are offered to try
to get into this basket,
because the basket
is completely real.
In my opinion,
such a daring solution
of this billboard,
on which you see,
probably,
is the most suitable for everyone.
It's beautiful to write
that not everyone can become a client
of our clinic,
we choose the clients,
but you must understand
that some of the potential clients
you can always reject from yourself,
even though
you can count on
that there are elite categories of clients
who will say that I am worthy.
Probably, if you are a very famous company,
if you have some kind of
super-spinning image,
it is positive,
you can try to take a risk.
But in my opinion,
such a solution is quite controversial.
It is quite controversial
in terms of
promoting your consumers
to use your services.
This ad was
from the very beginning
on the eve of our
2007,
when this large
mega-electronics store
Mediamarkt
tried to play the theme of the year
of the Pig Year.
But, you know, colleagues,
the name of the five
and the head of this pig
is probably good,
probably attracts attention.
But, you know, colleagues,
the Mediamarkt store
is not a category
of goods
of close,
very low prices.
This is, in general,
a high-quality and not the cheapest
technology.
And maybe in this sense
to address buyers with the phrase
«Sneeze at low prices»
can, in my opinion,
cause a potential consumer
some kind of caution,
or maybe even a negative.
The next ad
is a famous
Moscow network
of perfumery and cosmetics
«L'Etoile»
«Go for the smell»
It is quite obvious, colleagues,
that it is impossible
not to notice such a shield.
But how much
a person, a buyer
or, moreover, a buyer
of, say, perfumery and cosmetics
from the category,
but clearly not related to the category
of the mass,
such a visual image
will promote him
to the purchase.
You see, here the horse
even around the eyes
shadows are laid, and so on.
Remember, we talked
about typical mistakes
in the ad campaign
of Russian brands
about the lack of context.
In this case, in my opinion,
it is such a vivid example.
Advertisements of Arda refrigerators.
What do we see here?
A man holding
a very expensive
decoration in the form of a pendant
or a chain,
and a young woman
who does not react
to this gesture at all,
but is only interested
in the refrigerator.
All her eyes,
all her aspirations
are only for this refrigerator.
How adequate is this?
It seems to me that
somehow,
how to tell you,
there is a slight inconsistency
between the first and the second.
Because the refrigerator,
whatever it is,
is a slightly different function
than a chain, a pendant,
which allows you to have
some other inner feelings,
even from the point of view of self-assertion.
We took this ad shield
in the city of Tomsk
near GUM,
on the eve of the New Year.
What did he attract us with?
He attracted us
with this expression of a girl.
Look at the expression
in her face,
in her movements of her hands,
and in this phrase
«You promised me a fur coat».
It seems to me that from the point of view
of the female audience,
this is a completely accurate
address,
that is, an exact address
of a friend, a partner,
and so on.
It is you who promised
and you must do it.
Look very carefully at her expression,
even at the muscles
that she has on her forehead.
This is the expression, the energy.
It was this that attracted us
to include this poster
in the collection.
The ad shield
dedicated to the 15th anniversary
of the publishing house «Commercant»
that most of you are familiar with.
This is what was recognized
as the best ad shield of the year.
Perhaps,
it would not have caused
such a stir,
although the phrase
is very cleverly thought out
from the point of view of the name
and the 15-year term,
if this shield had not appeared
on the Lubyanka Square for the first time.
The same «Commercant»
house had another ad shield
that sounded like
«There would be a «Commercant»,
but the article will be found».
That is, the same theme,
played out,
but in this case
the name «Commercant» is played out
very competently.
And this is the second plan,
the second context
that allows us to speak
the native Russian language.
One of the last solutions
that we saw from the point of view
of the «Commercant» house
is the fact that
the world of the wild nature
is waiting for you.
The wild nature,
this beast,
and he has such a beautiful mouth,
he says,
he is ready for you to come,
come,
and we will have dinner,
lunch, breakfast,
as it turns out.
This is a good,
this is a good idea,
but he says,
you want some kind of exotic,
but you subconsciously mean
that in the wild nature
there may be such animals
that can be waiting for you
on all these safaris,
and so on.
Another tour operator.
Yes, look,
how curious this poster is.
If you remove the signature
of the float in this ad,
the majority of you,
regardless of your gender and age,
most likely,
you know,
there is some kind of greed,
you will be a little affected
by such an appeal.
But all in all,
one element of the solution.
You add the signature of the float,
you bring in the element
of ironic humor,
and you do what you
remember,
and it's all interesting.
The advertising shield of the
hypermarket of wholesale prices
may seem to someone
the primitiveness
of this slogan.
You see, colleagues,
in my opinion,
it is absolutely professional
because it is focused
on the wholesale.
On a person of a certain
mentality and, pardon,
a certain level of education.
In his understandable jargon,
most likely,
it will move him to come
and see what is actually offered
and at what real prices.
This is one of the rare
Beline advertising companies
back in 1996,
if I remember correctly.
Advertising half-stripe
in the newspaper
Commercant Daily.
It was going somewhere
in the middle of the year
and it was going
three or four times in a row.
I think it was the second
or the third, I don't remember.
But it was exactly the half-stripe
of Commercant Daily.
Look at what, in my opinion,
a little tough text.
Do not listen to those who advise,
do not listen to those who assert.
Do not believe anyone,
even yourself.
Believe this advertising.
Well, somehow, you know,
there is some element of
such an imposition.
That is, this is advertising,
as it is true in the last instance,
today, when we generally have
so many conversations about quality,
reliability, and so on,
advertising, probably,
but you don't have to do that.
But they don't do it.
I just left you this example
so that you just remember
that there were such options.
Another option for an advertising invitation
to the seminar training
is the modern methods of conducting
competitive wrestling.
So that you have no illusions
of what competitive wrestling is
and how to deal with it,
what methods of its conduct,
I will give you on the left side,
not me, I mean the customer,
on the left side,
a completely specific graphical image
of a self-propelled gun,
caterpillars, antennas,
and so on.
And when you write
the phrase
of an invitation to a seminar training,
there are some associations with training.
Training is a practical activity.
What practical activities
within a seminar can be with such
military equipment?
And now, colleagues,
I would like to draw your attention
to this slide.
This is a completely new approach
to the promotion of goods and services.
So, this is a series,
an advertising campaign
that was held in the city of Riga
and in all the republics of Latvia,
where services
of bank credit cards
were promoted.
Colleagues, advertisers,
as, how to say,
heroes of advertising campaigns,
accounts, posters, and so on,
chose real
pocket criminals
who,
how to say,
were in prison for pocket thefts.
Of course,
they were involved in contracts,
and so on.
Here is one of the examples.
So, here is such a,
I would say, not the most kind face,
who looks at you
with such a stern look
and what text
is on this advertising account.
It really pisses me off
when you take out
your wallet at risk,
and there is only a card
and no cash.
It's terribly infuriating.
Carry cash with you,
as all normal people do.
Don't imagine
all that is about this piece of plastic.
And now imagine
the situation that you are standing at a bus stop
and such a not very friendly
face says,
well, you are annoying me,
I climbed up to you,
I kind of made
a kind of kindness
and here you are,
and you have a piece of plastic there.
How effective is this? It's hard to say.
But the move is completely unexpected,
and everything unexpected in advertising
is perceived very well,
better than some
traditional,
outdated tricks.
A very original solution,
a very original solution
by Federal Express.
Federal Express is a carrier,
and so on,
all over the world.
The company is in the DHL category,
for example, we have EMC,
Garan Post, and so on.
Look how gracefully
they played their advantage
over the DHL company.
You see the packaging,
in it, some kind of packaging,
only those who are familiar
with this,
will see that on the inside
of the white packaging,
you see the end of the DHL inscription.
Formally,
there is no direct
opposition of competitors.
That is, for those who understand,
it is clear,
but for the rest,
probably, it is not very necessary.
A very clever solution,
in my opinion,
and does not allow
to appeal to a direct
opposition
in advertising,
but it is clear that
there is no direct opposition
of competitors,
and so on.
I'm not trying to defame
your reputation,
I'm just saying subconsciously
that your shipping
goes through my channels,
but there is no such thing.
We brought this poster
from Kaliningrad,
which is Konigsberg.
What amazed us?
If you,
especially representatives
of the beautiful sex,
consider yourself
or belong to the category
of an aristocrat,
then probably the word
washbasin
is not from your lexicon at all.
But if we assume
and accept it as possible,
then please look carefully
at the glasses that lie
in this water.
They are a little more significant
than in general drinking.
You can't take it away.
If it's a washbasin for aristocrats,
then at least
there should not be the same dishes.
I say it again,
a washbasin for aristocrats
is some kind of strange nonsense.
If an aristocrat,
then what kind of washbasin?
One of the advertising companies,
or rather posters,
MTS,
which advertised today's rebranding
and everything is in your hands.
In this case,
the Hands Free system is advertised.
When we first saw this poster,
we involuntarily remembered
the wonderful song by Angelika Ivarovna.
Do you remember how it was?
I know everything is in your hands,
even me.
This association is simply
asked about.
In my opinion,
and in the opinion of many colleagues,
this is the most interesting
of all the posters on the Internet
on the washbasin.
What is it curious about?
If you imagine that you are going
on the street
and see such a huge poster
with such a phrase,
you will involuntarily
tremble inside.
Because the expression
is not considered
a wish of the best,
the best,
but rather a wish
of the best.
In this case,
the poster is not only
on the washbasin,
but also on the advertising.
There is a very specific product,
it is photographed.
The product is a mess in the canteen.
I don't know what you mean.
In this case,
I meant the product
that is in the corner
on the poster.
The next item is a calendar.
A small calendar table.
You all know it well.
TEX Import is a company
from the category
of former foreign trade unions.
Why did he interest us
and why did we include him
in our selection?
We really liked the idea itself.
This is the spraying
where the arrow
on the hip part
of this man
is sprayed.
This is a very simple
Russian phrase
– throw off your panties.
This is our expression
– throw it off.
You are offered
to take something hard,
a coin,
as we used to do
when we activated
cards on the phone.
You wash it off.
What do you see?
This is a good element of humor.
But in my opinion,
it would be more appropriate
for more mass products,
for a wider audience.
It would be a nice joke.
If it is a company
of a higher scale
and more serious services,
there is a danger
that it may not be
adequately perceived.
The next item
is a calendar.
It is a very unexpected
solution
of the last year.
These are ritual services.
Look,
you see
a memorial place
where you have a urn
and a wonderful phrase
– luxurious urns
– in the sense of a coffin
– and there is a microphone
and you hear
– no one has complained yet.
The topic of irony
and humor
is in a completely
non-traditional
sphere of services.
If you think about it,
who can complain about it?
And in the picture
you see a microphone
and a wire near the memorial urn.
You see that everything is on
but no one has complained
that he is not comfortable there.
You see,
ritual services
are also services
and they should be promoted
and advertised.
It may be
a little harsh,
but it is clear
that it will be remembered
rather than just
mentioning several options
of memorial urns
and saying that our urns
are the most wonderful.
Rather, such a solution
is more suitable
for those who have
a problem with it.
The same topic
is played out
in the ritual agency
of Yesenia.
You see,
here it is written
on the advertising board
– drunk or drunk,
we are waiting for you.
And on the left,
to make this ad a little softer,
to make it a social approach.
We say that
drunk or drunk,
we are not waiting for you at all,
but drunk or drunk.
One of the ads
of the mid-90s
is that
I have never heard
the combination
of eating sadness.
In Russian, there was always
the expression
to drown the sadness.
I don't know,
with cheese, sausage,
something else.
But somehow it was not met.
And so, such a move
to eat sadness
with Edam cheese,
I don't know.
It seems to me that
there is no such thing.
If you use the context
of the Russian language,
then it must be used
in close-minded terms.
But it must be appropriate.
It must be unobtrusive.
It should not pressure.
It should not cause
a rebellion among the population.
It should not be that,
as if parents said,
do not need to watch it,
were afraid to go out somewhere,
to show some magazines,
and so on.
In my opinion,
inappropriate use
of the erotic theme
You see,
we keep promises
and guarantee quality
below.
Also erotic advertising,
but made more competently.
This is an advertising blog
from the Expert magazine.
Respectable edition.
Hypothetical lending plus gift.
Here is a wonderful phrase
about the fulfillment of a dream.
And there is a woman's hand,
a ring, keys.
There is no forehead.
There are only hints,
some lines.
The fulfillment of a dream reminded me
how once we saw
a very competent advertising slogan
of one of the first casinos
in St. Petersburg.
You know how it was written there?
You walk along Nevsky,
you see this casino,
I don't remember what the picture was,
but it was a wonderful slogan.
Try to get in.
Try to taste the sin.
That is, from the very beginning
you were told that
yes, visiting a casino is certainly
not a plus, it is a sin.
But again, you were told
that in life everything must be tried.
Try the taste of sin.
Maybe you won't like it,
but try it.
I didn't impose,
but very intelligently
warned that it was a sin.
Another erotic theme.
This is a sports app
for the Observer magazine.
You know,
colleagues,
that this is a very serious
analytical publication.
Look at what it means
and how it uses
the same topic of eroticism
in promoting its sports review.
The slides, the plots
that we have taken
within the framework of the viewing
of sports programs and so on
and you have seen them
more than once.
And suddenly you are suddenly asked
if you remember this frame.
Well, let's say figure skating
or bobsleigh or wrestling.
Do you remember this frame?
You say, of course I remember.
And suddenly you are asked
if you have ever thought
that people may have a certain problem
as it is written here
no sex before sports.
Have you ever thought
that it is a very serious topic
and you are asked
whether you remember
this frame.
And suddenly you are asked
if you have ever thought
that people may have a certain problem
as it is written here
no sex before sports.
And suddenly you are asked
whether you remember
this frame.
And suddenly you are asked
whether you remember
this frame.
And here I would like to draw your attention
to the fact that
the car is a family.
So how many people are there?
Most likely,
we do not take minivans,
buses and so on.
That is, five people.
Therefore, there are exactly five people
in the lower layer on the rope.
Moreover, you can clearly see
that among the lower layer
there are parents,
and there are children.
Most likely, there are children.
And when you hear
this slide,
you say,
these elements of dirty spots
should shock you.
But on the other hand,
yes, this is exactly what attracts attention.
But most importantly,
on the other hand,
they show you how scary it was for people.
This fear
has poured out into these spots.
But at the same time,
it means that they are all alive.
And the main task of the tires
is that they have saved lives.
It is solved.
Well, colleagues,
this is a small fragment
that we have included for you.
I would like to draw your attention
to the fact that
you should be careful
when you walk down the street,
when you watch advertising videos,
watch magazines and so on.
Look at the solutions
that are offered.
Try to understand every time
what the customer wanted to bring in.
Try to think for yourself,
if you can say so,
to refine this program.
Train your mind.
You will better perceive
someone else's advertising.
You will be more familiar
and more,
yes, more moments
that push you to come up with
something so original and so on.
At the same time,
I would like to draw your attention
to the fact that
we have such a habit.
If we work in some business sphere
and we have a task of developing
the brand concept,
we start to study
everything that our competitors
do within our industry.
And everything that we see in advertising,
what we see on TV,
on the billboards,
we ignore because
we are not interested in everything
that is in perfumery.
Everything that is in alcohol is not for us.
This is, in my opinion,
one of the biggest mistakes.
You see, colleagues,
most likely everything that could be
invented, original,
and in the decision of promoting
your brand within your industry,
your business specifics,
most likely it is almost
all chosen.
Therefore, watch advertising as such.
Look for a technique, look for a move.
You see, advertising
affects the psychology of the consumer's perception.
And the consumer,
in terms of his psychotype,
he is alone.
What is he interested in?
Is he interested in expensive washing machines?
Is he interested in jewelry, and so on.
Motives that promote him to action,
they are approximately,
how can I tell you,
they can be classified.
Develop an associative series
and try to
use techniques
that may have never been used
in advertising before.
Your specifics were not used.
Understand this point.
Everything is copied in advertising.
Everything.
And here, as it were,
the secrets and some kind of advertising intelligence,
well, of course, at the stage of development, yes.
At the stage of development
of an advertising campaign, yes.
And this is where advertising, of course, takes place.
But advertising is public.
As soon as you came out with your brand
and advertisement, everything became clear to me.
Everything is clear and what to hide here.
Understand, yes. Therefore, analyze
what you see. Try to
compilation, pardon,
from one and another to find a solution
that no one has ever found before you.
It's not easy.
But the more you look,
the more you see,
the more you try to analyze,
the more chances you have
that you will come to
some kind of good result.
Do not forget that the method of trial and error
it, you will not get away
from it. And far from
always that advertising campaign,
idea, plot that you came up with
and which seems absolutely
ingenious and just has to
promote the masses so that they run
just to your company, called,
tried to buy. It will not work.
Such a sphere that
you will be engaged in here
as if such a person here
as if to exclude it is impossible.
We also talked to you about this.
Therefore, here is what we
you picked up and what we
included in you. We hope that
it will help you, well, let's say so.
A little bit to expand, yes,
vision and approach. See
some tricks, perhaps which
you have not seen. And most importantly, here is what
we call you to do.
Try to play with
my mind. Try to take any,
I say again, yes, any two or three
examples and try to think
how would you improve
these decisions.
What would you add? Maybe some text,
maybe some drawing. This is a training
your mind that
well, absolutely for sure, will not pass
you, will not pass for nothing and
which you will definitely be able
then already in your everyday
work, so to speak, when moving your
brand to use.